OLSAI is a repo which contains code for learning a core data science method called multiple
linear regression, which relies on the analysis of the ordinary least squares (OLS) in
a dataset. OLSAI will be in future a web application. Similarly to a human tutor, OLSAI looks at the dataset of the learner,
analyses it and responds by offering a set of personalised instructions. The learner is
encouraged to apply the instructions for his own dataset. The instructions are partly
generated by AI models. OLSAI aims to replace non-available academic guidance
and generate real-time support. 

The first version aims to build the foundation of the OLSAI application, namely the assistant. OLSAI is designed to assist learners
with regression diagnostics. To achieve this goal, several key steps must be taken.
The OLSAI assistant is built on ChatGPT using ChatGPT’s API, so it’s crucial
to ensure that the generated outputs are both statistically accurate and learnerfriendly.
The process begins by introducing and explaining the datasets that will be
used for analysis. Afterwards, an independent analysis of the cacao.csv dataset will
be performed, providing a solid foundation for the outputs generated by
ChatGPT. This analysis will contain the most important statistical methods. Next,
an optimized prompt will be used to generate outputs that resemble the independent
analysis. These outputs will be evaluated by potential learners and refinements will
be made based on their feedback. The objective is to produce outputs that effectively
help learners grasp the concepts of regression diagnostics. Finally, once this groundwork
is completed, the OLSAI assistant (first version) will be programmed using ChatGPT’s API.
This will ensure that the assistant meets the needs of learners and provides them
with accurate and helpful guidance.
